# ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

INTEREST RATES. While we currently have market risk sensitive instruments related to interest rates, we do not have significant exposure to changing interest rates on our long-term debt. As disclosed in Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we had outstanding fixed-rate long-term debt (exclusive of finance leases) with an estimated fair value of $17.2 billion at May 31, 2025 and outstanding fixed-rate long-term debt (exclusive of finance leases) with an estimated fair value of $17.5 billion at May 31, 2024. Market risk for long-term debt is estimated as the potential decrease in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% increase in interest rates and amounts to approximately $600 million as of May 31, 2025 and approximately $650 million as of May 31, 2024. The underlying fair values of our long-term debt were estimated based on quoted market prices or on the current rates offered for debt with similar terms and maturities. 

We have interest rate risk with respect to our pension and postretirement benefit obligations. Changes in interest rates impact our liabilities associated with these retirement plans, as well as the amount of pension and postretirement benefit expense recognized. Declines in the value of plan assets could diminish the funded status of our pension plans and potentially increase our requirement to make contributions to the plans. Substantial investment losses on plan assets would also increase net pension expense. See the “Critical Accounting Estimates — Retirement Plans” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information. 

FOREIGN CURRENCY. While we are a global provider of transportation, e-commerce, and business services, the majority of our transactions during the periods presented in this Annual Report are denominated in U.S. dollars. The principal foreign currency exchange rate risks to which we are exposed relate to the euro, Chinese yuan, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, Hong Kong dollar, and Japanese yen. Historically, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is more significant 

with respect to our revenue than our expenses, as a significant portion of our expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, such as aircraft and fuel expenses. Foreign currency fluctuations had a slightly positive impact on operating income in 2025 and a slightly negative impact on operating income in 2024. However, favorable foreign currency fluctuations also may have had an offsetting impact on the price we obtained or the demand for our services, which is not quantifiable. At May 31, 2025, the result of a uniform 10% strengthening in the value of the dollar relative to the currencies in which our transactions are denominated would result in a decrease in operating income of approximately $450 million for 2026, assuming operations were consistent with the prior year. This theoretical calculation assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. dollar, which is not consistent with our actual experience in foreign currency transactions. In addition to the direct effects of changes in exchange rates, fluctuations in exchange rates also affect the volume of sales or the foreign currency sales price as competitors’ services become more or less attractive. The sensitivity analysis of the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates does not factor in a potential change in sales levels or local currency prices. 

We maintain derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency fluctuations related to probable future transactions and cash flows denominated in currencies other than the currency of the transacting entity, which impacts our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. Certain derivatives are designated as net investment hedges and the gains or losses on those derivatives are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss within common stockholders’ investment as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. During 2025, we recognized an $86 million loss in other comprehensive income related to our cross-currency swaps, which excludes any impact of deferred income taxes. All other derivatives are accounted for at fair value with any gains or losses recorded in income, and were immaterial in 2025. The income statement impact of the derivatives was immaterial in 2024. For additional discussion of our derivatives, see Note 1 6 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

COMMODITY. While we have market risk for changes in the price of jet and vehicle fuel, this risk is largely mitigated by our indexed fuel surcharges. For additional discussion of our indexed fuel surcharges, see the “Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Fuel” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financ ial Condition and Results of Operations . ”
