# ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview 

FedEx Corporation (“FedEx”) was incorporated in Delaware on October 2, 1997 to serve as the parent holding company and provide strategic direction to the FedEx portfolio of companies. FedEx provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce, and business services, offering integrated business solutions utilizing its flexible, efficient, and intelligent global network. 

Our website is located at fedex.com. Detailed information about our services, e-commerce tools and solutions, and corporate responsibility initiatives can be found on our website. In addition, we make our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all exhibits and amendments to such reports available, free of charge, through our website, as soon as reasonably practicable on the day they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The Investor Relations page of our website, investors.fedex.com, contains a significant amount of information about FedEx, including our SEC filings and financial and other information for investors. The information that we post on the Investor Relations page of our website could be deemed to be material information. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in FedEx to visit this website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. The information on our website, however, is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report. 

In connection with our one FedEx consolidation plan, on June 1, 2024, FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. (“FedEx Ground”) and FedEx Corporate Services, Inc. were merged into Federal Express Corporation (“Federal Express”), becoming a single company operating a unified, fully integrated air-ground express network under the respected FedEx brand. FedEx Freight, Inc. (“FedEx Freight”) provides less-than-truckload (“LTL”) freight transportation services as a separate subsidiary. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, Federal Express and FedEx Freight represent our major service lines and constitute our reportable segments. Additionally, the results of FedEx Custom Critical, Inc. (“FedEx Custom Critical”) are included in the FedEx Freight segment instead of the Federal Express segment in 2025. For more information, please see “Business Segments” below. For financial information concerning our reportable segments, refer to “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” and “ Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ” of this Annual Report. 

Additionally, the FedEx Dataworks, Inc. (“FedEx Dataworks”) operating segment is focused on creating solutions to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members. The FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc. (“FedEx Office”) operating segment provides document and business services and retail access to our package transportation businesses and the FedEx Logistics, Inc. (“FedEx Logistics”) operating segment provides customs brokerage and global ocean and air freight forwarding, as well as integrated supply chain management solutions through FedEx Supply Chain Distribution System, Inc. (“FedEx Supply Chain”). FedEx Dataworks, FedEx Office, and FedEx Logistics are included in “Corporate, other, and eliminations” in our segment reporting. For more information about FedEx Dataworks, FedEx Office, and FedEx Logistics, please see “FedEx Dataworks Operating Segment,” “FedEx Office Operating Segment,” and “FedEx Logistics Operating Segment” under “Business Segments” below. 

In December 2024, we announced that FedEx’s Board of Directors decided to pursue a full separation of FedEx Freight through the capital markets, creating a new publicly traded company. The transaction, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of the new company to FedEx stockholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for FedEx stockholders and be completed by June 2026. 

Except as otherwise specified, any reference to a year in this Annual Report indicates our fiscal year May 31, 2025 or ended May 31 of the year referenced, and comparisons are to the corresponding period of the prior year. In January 2025, the Board of Directors approved a change in FedEx's fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31. The fiscal year change will be effective for the period beginning June 1, 2026. 

Strategy 

The collective FedEx brand gives us our competitive edge. Further, our strategy allows us to manage our business as a portfolio, in the long-term best interest of the enterprise. As a result, we base decisions on capital investment and service additions or enhancements upon achieving the highest overall long-term return on invested capital for our business as a whole. We focus on making appropriate investments in the technology and assets necessary to optimize our long-term earnings performance and cash flow. Our business strategy also provides flexibility in structuring our network to align with varying macroeconomic conditions and customer demand for the market segments in which the customer operates, allowing us to leverage and manage change. Volatility, uncertainty, and innovation have become the norms in the global transportation market, and we are able to use our flexibility to accommodate changing conditions in the global economy. 

For more than 50 years, we built networks that have created a differentiated and unmatched portfolio of services while continuously evolving to meet the changing needs of our customers and the market. With the significant growth of e-commerce and as our service mix continues to shift to deferred services, we are continuing to evolve to improve our operational efficiency and enhance profitability through one FedEx, Network 2.0 (our multi-year effort to improve the efficiency with which FedEx picks up, transports, and delivers packages in the U.S. and Canada), DRIVE (our comprehensive program to improve long-term profitability), and Tricolor (the redesign of the Federal Express international air network as part of the DRIVE program to improve efficiency and asset utilization). We are building a simplified experience to better serve our customers with enhanced capabilities and transforming to operate with more flexibility, efficiency, and intelligence. 

The DRIVE program includes a business optimization plan to drive efficiency among our transportation segments, lower our overhead and support costs, and transform our digital capabilities. We have commenced our plan to consolidate our sortation facilities and equipment, reduce pickup-and-delivery routes, and optimize our enterprise linehaul network by moving beyond discrete collaboration to an end-to-end optimized network through Network 2.0. As of May 31, 2025, we had implemented Network 2.0 optimization in approximately 290 locations in the U.S. and Canada. Using a market-by-market approach, service providers will handle the pickup and delivery of Federal Express packages in some locations while employee couriers will handle others. See “Business Segments” below, “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ,” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information on one FedEx, Network 2.0, DRIVE, and Tricolor. 

Innovation inspired our start at FedEx over 50 years ago, and it is fueling our future as we combine logistics with digital intelligence. Leveraging the capabilities of FedEx Dataworks, developments in data and technology, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, are facilitating the execution of our DRIVE transformation by creating new opportunities to improve our operational efficiency. See “Business Segments” below for more information. The size and scale of our global network gives us key insights into global supply chains and trends. This foundation provides an immense amount of data we can use to build better insights, improve the customer experience, and differentiate our service offerings. To fully harness the power of this data, FedEx Dataworks is focused on putting our data into context and using it to enhance the efficiency of the FedEx network and the end-to-end experience of our customers by making supply chains smarter for everyone. 

In September 2024, we launched fdx, a fully integrated data-driven commerce platform that connects the entire customer journey. See “Federal Express Segment — Customer-Driven Technology — E-Commerce and Digital Solutions” below for more information. In early 2025, we formed a new enterprise-wide Data & Technology team, which is focused on initiatives to streamline the technology used during the package delivery lifecycle; establish global standards across pickup-and-delivery, linehaul, sort, and clearance operations; and improve digital products and experiences for the FedEx enterprise and our customers . 

“Safety Above All” is the first and foremost value in every aspect of our business. We are committed to making our workplaces and communities safer for our team members, customers, and the public. This philosophy is embedded in our day-to-day work through rigorous policies, continual education and engagement, and investments in technology designed to prevent accidents. 

Through our global transportation, information technology, and retail networks, we help to facilitate an ongoing and unprecedented expansion of customer access — to goods, services, and information. We believe it would be extremely difficult, costly, and time-consuming to replicate our global network, which reflects decades of investment, innovation, and expertise, includes the world’s largest all-cargo air fleet, and connects more than 99% of the world’s gross domestic product. We continue to position our company and team members to facilitate and capitalize on this access and to achieve stronger long-term growth, productivity, and profitability. 

Business Segments 

The following describes in more detail the operations of each of our principal operating segments: 

Federal Express Segment 

Overview 

Federal Express pioneered the express transportation industry over 50 years ago in 1973 and remains the industry leader today, providing a range of rapid, reliable, time- and day-definite delivery services to more than 220 countries and territories through an integrated air-ground express network. 

As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express employed approximately 440,000 employees and had approximately 63,000 drop-off locations (including FedEx Office stores and FedEx OnSite locations, such as over 15,000 Walgreens and Dollar General stores), nearly 700 aircraft, and over 175,000 motorized vehicles in its global network. Federal Express contracts with approximately 5,700 independent small businesses to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. See “Operations” below for information regarding the consolidation of these operations into the surface operations of Federal Express. Federal Express also provides cross-border enablement and technology solutions and e-commerce transportation solutions. 

U.S. and Canadian Services 

Federal Express offers a wide range of U.S. and Canadian domestic shipping services for packages and freight. Federal Express offers three U.S. domestic overnight package delivery services (FedEx First Overnight, FedEx Priority Overnight, and FedEx Standard Overnight) and three U.S. domestic deferred package delivery services (FedEx 2Day, FedEx 2Day AM, and FedEx Express Saver). FedEx SameDay service is available 365 days a year throughout all 50 states for urgent shipments up to 150 pounds. Federal Express also offers U.S. express overnight and deferred freight services to handle the needs of the time-definite freight market. 

Federal Express is also a leading provider of day-definite business and residential delivery services for packages weighing up to 150 pounds. Federal Express service reaches 100% of the continental U.S. population and nearly 100% of the Canadian population. Federal Express offers day-definite residential delivery service to 99% of the U.S. population on Saturdays and to nearly two-thirds of the U.S. population on Sundays. Federal Express offers day-definite delivery service on Saturdays to over 40% of the Canadian population with FedEx Priority Overnight, FedEx Standard Overnight, and FedEx 2Day services. Federal Express also offers an economy service that is available for the consolidation and delivery of high volumes of low-weight, less time-sensitive business-to-consumer packages to any residential address in the U.S. 

International Services 

Federal Express offers a wide range of international shipping services for delivery of packages and freight, connecting markets that generate more than 99% of the world’s gross domestic product. FedEx international package services include a money-back guarantee. Federal Express’s unmatched air route authorities and extensive transportation infrastructure, combined with leading-edge information technologies, make it the world’s largest express transportation company. 

International express and deferred package delivery is available to more than 220 countries and territories, with a variety of time-definite services to meet distinct customer needs. FedEx International Economy provides time-definite delivery typically in two to five business days. FedEx International First provides time-definite delivery to select postal codes in more than 25 countries and territories, with delivery to select U.S. ZIP Codes as early as 8:00 a.m. from more than 90 countries, delivery by 10:00 a.m. in one business day from the U.S. to Canada, and delivery by 11:00 a.m. in one business day from the U.S. to Mexico. Our FedEx International Priority service provides end-of-day time-definite delivery in one to three business days to more than 220 countries and territories, and our FedEx International Priority Express service provides midday time-definite delivery in one to three business days to more than 25 countries and territories. Federal Express also offers domestic pickup-and-delivery services within certain non-U.S. countries, including France, the United Kingdom, Australia, Brazil, Italy, Canada, Mexico, Poland, India, China, and in Southern Africa. In addition, Federal Express offers comprehensive international express and deferred freight services, real-time tracking, and advanced customs clearance. FedEx International Connect Plus, an e-commerce service currently available from nearly 60 origin countries to over 190 destination countries, provides day-definite delivery typically within two to five business days. 

Operations 

Federal Express’s largest sorting facility, located in Memphis, serves as the center of the company’s multiple hub-and-spoke system and worldwide air network. A second national air hub facility is located in Indianapolis. We are making investments over multiple years in our facilities to expand and modernize our Indianapolis hub and modernize our Memphis hub. In addition to these national air hubs, Federal Express operates regional air hubs in Fort Worth, Newark, Oakland, and Greensboro and major metropolitan sorting facilities at airports in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. 

Facilities at airports in Anchorage, Paris, Cologne, Guangzhou, and Osaka serve as sorting facilities for express package and freight traffic moving to and from Asia, Europe, and North America. Additional major sorting and freight handling facilities are located at Narita Airport in Tokyo and Stansted Airport outside London. The facilities in Paris, Cologne, Guangzhou, and Osaka are also designed to serve as regional air hubs for their respective market areas. A facility in Miami serves our South Florida, Latin American, and Caribbean markets. A central air hub near Liege, Belgium connects specific large European markets. In addition to its worldwide air network, Federal Express operates road networks in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, and South America. Federal Express’s unique European road network connects more than 45 countries and territories through 27 transit hubs and more than 550 stations. 

With the significant growth of e-commerce, and as our service mix continues to shift to deferred services, we are fundamentally redesigning our international air network to operate more efficiently. The redesigned network continues to deploy FedEx-owned aircraft in the delivery of International Priority parcel shipments using our existing hub-and-spoke model. Additionally, a portion of our owned aircraft fleet has been retimed to operate off-cycle, allowing us to build density, decongest hubs, and connect our global surface networks. Finally, we are leveraging our global partner network as an adaptive capacity layer, particularly on imbalanced trade lanes, to move e-commerce and deferred volumes. 

Throughout its worldwide network, Federal Express operates city stations and employs a staff of customer service agents, cargo handlers, and couriers who pick up and deliver shipments in the station’s service area. In some international areas, independent agents 

(“Global Service Participants”) have been selected to complete deliveries and to pick up packages. For more information about our sorting and handling facilities, see “ Item 2. Properties ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Federal Express Segment.” 

Federal Express also operates a highly flexible surface network of approximately 720 legacy FedEx Ground and 530 legacy FedEx Express facilities, as of May 31, 2025, that support its U.S. and Canada surface operations. Through Network 2.0, the multi-year effort to improve the efficiency with which we pick up, transport, and deliver packages in the U.S. and Canada, these operations are being consolidated. We have completed implementation of Network 2.0 in Canada and implemented Network 2.0 at approximately 130 locations in the U.S. Under Network 2.0, Federal Express continues to utilize both its employee couriers and service providers in U.S. surface operations using a market-by-market approach. See “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information on Network 2.0. 

Federal Express continues to maximize the use of existing U.S. surface facilities through Network 2.0. Many of these facilities utilize advanced automated unloading and sorting technology to streamline the handling of millions of packages daily. This technology includes a yard management system in many facilities which interacts with GPS tags on trailers to automatically notify the control center when a trailer arrives and departs. Using overhead laser and six-sided camera-based bar code scan technology, hub conveyors electronically guide packages to their appropriate destination chute where they are loaded for transport to their respective destination stations for local delivery. 

Through collaboration with FedEx Dataworks, Federal Express is also implementing dynamic scheduling tools at many U.S. surface facilities to match sort staffing with volumes and is introducing capabilities to allow certain packages to bypass station sortation and proceed directly to vehicles, which helps to maximize station capacity. In addition, dock modernization efforts enabled by FedEx Dataworks, including a network operating plan that uses machine learning and algorithms to develop more detailed and accurate volume forecasts, are enhancing productivity at these facilities in furtherance of our DRIVE initiatives. Federal Express is also testing autonomous, driverless technologies in the handling of large, non-conveyable packages, as well as robotic product sortation systems to sort small packages. 

Federal Express offers service providers advanced route optimization technology supported by the capabilities of FedEx Dataworks that includes near real-time data that service providers may use to plan efficient delivery routes and vehicle mix. To promote safe operations, service providers contracting with Federal Express agree to use certain safety-related vehicle technologies and satisfy certain driver standards. Additionally, software systems and internet-based applications are deployed to offer customers new ways to connect internal package data with external delivery information. Federal Express provides shipment tracing and proof-of-delivery signature functionality through the FedEx website, fedex.com. For additional information regarding FedEx e-commerce tools and solutions, including FedEx Delivery Manager and FedEx Returns Technology, see “Customer-Driven Technology — E-Commerce Solutions” below. 

Pricing 

Federal Express periodically publishes updates to the list prices for the majority of its services in its Service Guides. In general, shipping rates are based on the service selected, origin, destination, weight, size, any ancillary service charge, and whether the customer charged the shipment to a FedEx account. On January 6, 2025, a 5.9% average list price increase was implemented in the U.S. for domestic and international services. List prices also increased for contractual services and in international markets at this time. 

Federal Express implements and adjusts demand surcharges from time to time based on assessments of shipment volume and capacity in our network. For U.S. domestic services, demand surcharges historically have applied to shipments that exceed certain length, girth, and weight thresholds or require additional handling; to residential packages for customers meeting a certain volume threshold; and to FedEx Ground Economy shipments. Demand surcharges on U.S. domestic services initially implemented in 2020 remained in effect for the first half of 2024. Higher surcharges were applied during the 2024 holiday shipping season, after which time the U.S. domestic demand surcharges were suspended. Demand surcharges on international services initially implemented in 2020 were reduced for select lanes in September 2023, October 2023, and January 2024 and remained in effect for the Middle East, Indian Subcontinent, and African region until June 3, 2024, and for all other international markets until April 29, 2024. The surcharges were reinstated for select international lanes in August 2024, with subsequent rate changes during the remainder of 2025. The surcharges were ended on May 31, 2025, except for shipments inbound to Israel and Canada, which continue until further notice. A demand surcharge on U.S. to Canada international ground services was implemented beginning in June 2025. 

Federal Express has an indexed fuel surcharge for U.S. domestic and U.S. outbound shipments and for shipments originating internationally, where legally and contractually possible, which is adjusted on a weekly basis. The fuel surcharge is based on a weekly fuel price from roughly two weeks prior to the week in which it is assessed. Effective September 2, 2024, February 10, 2025, and June 9, 2025, the tables used to determine fuel surcharges for U.S. domestic services were updated. The tables used to determine fuel surcharges for international services were updated in July 2024, October 2024, and June 2025. See the “Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Fuel” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information. 

Retail Access Network 

FedEx Office offers retail access to Federal Express shipping services at all of its retail locations. Federal Express also has alliances with certain other retailers to provide in-store drop-off sites, including at more than 15,000 Walgreens and Dollar General stores. Our unstaffed FedEx Drop Boxes provide customers the opportunity to drop off packages in office buildings, shopping centers, and corporate or industrial parks. Federal Express has a total of approximately 63,000 drop-off locations. 

Fuel Supplies and Costs 

During 2025, Federal Express purchased jet fuel from various suppliers under contracts that vary in length and which provide for estimated amounts of fuel to be delivered. The fuel represented by these contracts is purchased at market prices. We do not have any jet fuel hedging contracts. See “Pricing” above. 

The following table sets forth Federal Express’s costs for jet fuel and its percentage of FedEx Corporation consolidated revenues for the last five fiscal years: 

Most of Federal Express’s vehicle fuel needs are satisfied by retail purchases with various discounts. 

Competition 

As described in “I tem 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report, the U.S. domestic and international package and the U.S. domestic freight and international freight markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. The ability to compete effectively depends upon price, frequency, reliability, capacity and speed of scheduled service, ability to track packages, extent of geographic coverage, innovative service offerings, and the fit within the customer’s overall supply chain. 

Competitors within the U.S. include other package delivery concerns, principally United Parcel Service, Inc. (“UPS”), passenger airlines offering express package services, regional delivery companies, air freight forwarders, and the USPS. Federal Express’s principal international competitors are DHL, UPS, DPD (a subsidiary of France’s La Poste’s GeoPost), General Logistics Systems (a Royal Mail-owned parcel delivery group), foreign postal authorities, passenger airlines, air freight forwarders, regional carriers, and all-cargo airlines. Federal Express also competes with startup companies that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. In addition, some high-volume package shippers, such as Amazon.com, are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors and delivery service providers for deliveries, and may be considered competitors in addition to customers. For example, Amazon.com has established a network of hubs, aircraft, and vehicles, recently began offering an LTL freight service for inbound shipments to its distribution facilities, and has expressed an intention to offer its internal delivery capabilities broadly to third parties. Many of Federal Express’s international competitors are government-owned, -controlled, or -subsidized carriers, which may have greater resources, lower costs, less profit sensitivity, and more favorable operating conditions than Federal Express. For more information, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report. 

Employees and Service Providers 

Rajesh Subramaniam is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Express, John A. Smith is the Chief Operating Officer – United States and Canada, and Richard W. Smith is the Chief Operating Officer – International and Chief Executive Officer – Airline. As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express employed approximately 237,000 permanent full-time and approximately 203,000 permanent part-time employees. In addition, Federal Express contracts with approximately 5,700 independent small businesses to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. 

The pilots at Federal Express, who are a small number of its total employees, are represented by the Air Line Pilots Association, International (“ALPA”) and are employed under a collective bargaining agreement that took effect in November 2015. The collective bargaining agreement became amendable in November 2021. Bargaining for a successor agreement began in May 2021, and in November 2022 the National Mediation Board (“NMB”) began actively mediating the negotiations. In July 2023, Federal Express’s pilots failed to ratify the tentative successor agreement that was approved by ALPA’s FedEx Master Executive Council the prior month. Bargaining for a successor agreement continues. In April 2024, the NMB rejected ALPA’s request for a proffer of arbitration. 

Federal Express will continue to bargain in good faith and the ongoing bargaining process has no effect on our operations. In addition to our pilots, certain of Federal Express’s non-U.S. employees are unionized. FedEx believes its employee relations are excellent. See “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report for more information. 

Customer-Driven Technology 

FedEx is a world leader in technology, and late FedEx founder and long-time Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frederick W. Smith’s vision that “the information about a package is as important as the delivery of the package itself” remains at the core of our comprehensive technology strategy. We strive to build technology solutions that will solve our customers’ business problems with simplicity, convenience, speed, and reliability. Additionally, FedEx stands at the nexus of digital and physical networks, a crucial intersection for the success of e-commerce and time-sensitive deliveries. We continue to expand our e-commerce convenience network and explore innovative alternatives to help customers and businesses deliver. During 2025, we continued to advance a major information technology transition from traditional mainframe computing to cloud-based systems, which is delivering significant benefits in terms of flexibility, security, speed to market, and resiliency. See “FedEx Dataworks Operating Segment” below for more information on the solutions we are creating to enhance the end-to-end experience of our customers by making supply chains smarter for everyone. 

Shipping Management and Precision Tracking 

The fedex.com website is widely recognized for its speed, ease of use, and customer-focused features. The advanced tracking capability within FedEx Tracking provides customers with a consolidated view of inbound and outbound shipments. Additionally, an advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence model developed by FedEx Dataworks has enhanced tracking capabilities on fedex.com, delivering greater estimated delivery date accuracy, including updates for early or delayed shipments. FedEx Virtual Assistant on fedex.com is an artificial-intelligence-enabled service that provides answers to customer shipping questions, allowing our customer service representatives and sales professionals to focus on higher-value customer interactions. 

SenseAware Mobile, a FedEx innovation currently available in over 130 countries worldwide, allows customers to stay connected to their critical shipments by providing real-time updates regarding current location, temperature, relative humidity, barometric pressure readings, light exposure, shock events, tilt beyond a certain angle, and healthcare subsampling. Additionally, FedEx SenseAware ID is a lightweight sensor-based logistics device that delivers a new level of precision tracking. The enhanced location visibility provided by FedEx SenseAware ID is creating opportunities for FedEx customers to reimagine their supply chains through real-time updates on a package’s location within the Federal Express network. 

FedEx Mobile is a suite of solutions including the FedEx mobile application, FedEx mobile website, and SMS text messaging. The FedEx Mobile app provides convenience for recipients to track packages and access FedEx Delivery Manager to customize home deliveries. Shippers can easily get rates and estimated delivery times and swiftly create a shipping label. All users can quickly find the nearest FedEx location for Hold at Location or drop-off. It is available on Android™ and Apple devices. The FedEx Mobile app has expanded to more than 220 countries and territories and 40 languages. 

FedEx Surround is a visibility platform that allows customers to view and manage shipments in one place. The tool provides global visibility into shipments with package-level insights in near real-time. Advanced features include predictive delay notifications, weather advisories, and customizable views and reports and intervention capability. 

In 2023, FedEx announced the launch of Picture Proof of Delivery for express and ground residential deliveries in the U.S. and Canada that are released without a signature. The capability has since expanded to 60 countries globally. 

Additionally, our FedEx Ship Manager suite of solutions offers a wide range of options to help our customers manage their parcel and LTL shipping and associated processes. 

E-Commerce and Digital Solutions 

FedEx Delivery Manager allows our U.S. residential customers to customize home deliveries to fit their schedule by providing a range of options to schedule dates, locations, and times of delivery. Additionally, FedEx Returns Technology, a comprehensive solution for returns management, provides high-volume merchants and e-tailers complete visibility into returns and an easy way to track shipments, manage inventory, analyze returns trends, and make more informed decisions based on shoppers’ returns behaviors. In 2025, FedEx announced the launch of FedEx Easy Returns, a cost-effective way to combine customer returns into one shipment. 

The FedEx retail convenience network also utilizes third-party retailers to receive and hold packages for FedEx customers. The U.S. retail convenience network has grown to include over 15,000 Walgreens and Dollar General stores in addition to our approximately 2,000 FedEx Office locations and over 600 FedEx Ship Centers. In addition to allowing for an easy returns and drop-off experience for shoppers, the retail convenience network is well positioned to serve as a “buy online, pickup in store” network for small and medium merchants without brick-and-mortar locations. We have also added FedEx Returns Technology at Walgreens locations, which allows for in-store printing of return shipping labels and eliminates the need to include a return label in every package. 

We have expanded e-commerce delivery options for retailers with FedEx Extra Hours, a service that enables participating retailers to fulfill e-commerce orders into the evening and receive late pickups by Federal Express, with next-day local delivery and two-day shipping to any address in the continental U.S. FedEx Extra Hours, which is currently available to select customers, allows retailers to extend evening order cutoff times by five to eight hours, with some as late as midnight, depending on their current order fulfillment process. 

In September 2024, FedEx launched fdx, a fully integrated data-driven commerce platform that connects the entire customer journey. Enabled by FedEx Dataworks and by providing data and insights that improve visibility and connected capabilities across the customer journey, fdx will help merchants make more strategic logistics decisions from point of demand to delivery and returns. In May 2025, we launched a platform-based trade clearance solution to help our customers and other stakeholders navigate increasing operational complexities amid changing global trade policy. 

My FedEx Rewards allows businesses in the U.S. to earn rewards for their loyalty in shipping and printing with FedEx. 

See “The Environment” below for information about our FedEx ® Sustainability Insights tool, which gives customers and suppliers access to estimated CO2e emission data associated with FedEx shipments. 

Autonomous Solutions 

FedEx is exploring the use of autonomous delivery technology within its operations. In 2022, we began a pilot program with Aurora Innovation, Inc. (“Aurora”) and PACCAR Inc. (“PACCAR”) to test Aurora’s autonomous driving technology in PACCAR autonomous vehicle platform-equipped trucks within FedEx linehaul operations. 

Marketing 

The FedEx brand name symbolizes outstanding service, reliability, and speed. Emphasis is continually placed on promoting and protecting the FedEx brand, one of our most important assets. As a result, FedEx is one of the most widely recognized brands in the world. In addition to television, print, and digital advertising, we promote the FedEx brand through sponsorships and special events. For example, FedEx sponsors: 

• The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Champions League, which is broadcast in over 200 countries and territories worldwide. 

• The season-long FedExCup competition on the PGA Tour, and the FedEx St. Jude Championship, a PGA Tour event that has raised millions of dollars for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and is one of three annual FedExCup playoff events. 

• FedExForum in Memphis, the arena in which the NBA’s Memphis Grizzlies and the University of Memphis men’s basketball team play their respective home games. 

Additionally, FedEx is the “Official Delivery Service Sponsor” and “Official Office Services Provider” of the NFL, through which we conduct events and other activities to promote the FedEx brand, such as the “FedEx Air & Ground” NFL Players of the Week and Players of the Year Awards. 

Information Security 

FedEx has a team of highly qualified professionals dedicated to securing information about our customers’ shipments and protecting our customers’, vendors’, and employees’ privacy, and we strive to provide a safe, secure online environment for our customers. We are committed to compliance with applicable information security laws, regulations, and industry standards. For more information, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” and “ Item 1C. Cybersecurity ” of this Annual Report. 

FedEx Freight Segment 

FedEx Freight 

Overview 

FedEx Freight is a leading North American provider of LTL freight services, offering choice, simplicity, and reliability to meet the needs of LTL shippers — FedEx Freight Priority, when speed is critical to meet a customer’s supply chain needs; FedEx Freight Economy, when a customer can trade time for cost savings; and FedEx Freight Direct, a service to meet the needs of the growing e-commerce market for delivery of big and bulky products to or through the door for residences and businesses. Through one comprehensive network of service centers and advanced information systems, FedEx Freight provides service to virtually every U.S. ZIP Code (including Alaska and Hawaii) with industry-leading transit times. FedEx Freight Priority has the fastest published transit times of any nationwide LTL service. FedEx Freight Priority Plus adds even more speed to time-sensitive shipments even if the shipment is in transit, offering the fastest delivery option available through FedEx Freight with early-morning, after-hours, and Saturday delivery available. FedEx Freight also offers additional services to meet specific customer needs. Volume Services offers 

three different service options that allow customers to balance their budget and delivery timeline for larger LTL shipments — Truckload Exempt (TLX), Truckload Service (TLS), and Exclusive Use (EXCL). Retail Flex is available for delivery to major retailers with key benefits that go beyond standard LTL services, ensuring on-time deliveries to avoid late fees and providing accountability for handling units to reduce incomplete shipments and chargebacks. 

Internationally, FedEx Freight Canada offers FedEx Freight Priority service, serving most points in Canada, as well as FedEx Freight Priority and FedEx Freight Economy service between the U.S. and Canada. Additionally, FedEx Freight A.M. Delivery offers freight delivery by 10:30 a.m. within and between the U.S. and Canada. FedEx Freight Direct, FedEx Freight Priority Plus and FedEx Freight Volume Services are available within and between Canada and the U.S. FedEx Freight Mexico offers FedEx Freight Priority to deliver cross-border and intra-Mexico LTL shipments door-to-door. Customers receive support from the FedEx Freight International Services team to monitor LTL freight shipments, review customer paperwork, and follow up to avoid shipping delays when shipments are crossing borders. In addition to North America, FedEx Freight offers service to, from, and within Puerto Rico and to the U.S. Virgin Islands via alliances. 

Through its many service offerings, FedEx Freight can match customers’ time-critical needs with industry-leading transit times. FedEx Automation solutions make freight shipping easier and provide customers easy access to their account information. Customers can also process domestic and cross-border LTL shipments to and from Canada and Mexico, as well as intra-Canada and -Mexico shipments, through FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com, FedEx Ship Manager Software, FedEx Web Services, FedEx API, FedEx Compatible, and LTL Select. LTL Select is a free cloud-based, multi-carrier transportation management system that provides customers with visibility into all available carriers and their pricing in one location, as well as the ability to book service and make payments. FedEx Freight uses radio frequency identification technology and customized software to improve shipment visibility on its docks and enhance custodial control at the handling unit level. 

FedEx Freight Direct has four delivery service levels to meet customer needs, with basic and basic by appointment to-the-door services and standard through-the-door service available to nearly 100% of the U.S. population. Premium through-the-door service with packaging removal is available to 90% of the U.S. population. The services include flexible delivery windows, end-to-end visibility, proactive notifications, and returns services with flexible pickup windows and label-less options. 

As of May 31, 2025, the FedEx Freight segment was operating nearly 30,000 motorized vehicles from a network of approximately 355 service centers and had approximately 40,000 employees, none of whom are unionized. John A. Smith is the President of FedEx Freight, which is based in Memphis, Tennessee. FedEx Freight’s primary competitors are XPO, Inc., Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc., ABF Freight (an ArcBest company), SAIA, Inc., and TFI International Inc. 

In December 2024, we announced that FedEx’s Board of Directors decided to pursue a full separation of FedEx Freight through the capital markets, creating a new publicly traded company. The transaction, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of the new company to FedEx stockholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for FedEx stockholders and be completed by June 2026. See “ Item 1A. Risk Factors — Strategic Risks — The planned spin-off of FedEx Freight may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and there is no guarantee that the spin-off, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits.” for more information. 

Pricing 

FedEx Freight periodically publishes updates to the list prices for the majority of its services in its 100 Rules Tariff. In general, shipping rates are based on the service selected, origin, destination, weight, class, any ancillary service charge, and whether the customer charged the shipment to a FedEx account. On January 6, 2025, FedEx Freight implemented a 5.9% average list price increase for customers who use FXF PZONE and FXF EZONE rates and a 6.9% average list price increase for customers who use FXF 1000 and FXF 501. These increases apply for shipments within the U.S. and between the contiguous U.S. and Canada. 

FedEx Freight implements and adjusts demand surcharges from time-to-time based on assessments of shipment volume and capacity in our network. Beginning in July 2021, FedEx Freight implemented a demand surcharge applying to specific delivery points within the U.S. The demand surcharge has been adjusted periodically since implementation. Effective November 15, 2021, FedEx Freight increased applicable length surcharges. Effective January 17, 2022, FedEx Freight added a surcharge that applies when a pickup is performed and no shipment is tendered to the carrier. Effective January 16, 2023, FedEx Freight changed the extreme length surcharge to a tier-based length structure. The company continues to explore ways to modernize freight pricing including through dimension-in-motion technology, which more accurately captures freight profile and improves its ability to cost and price shipments. 

FedEx Freight has an indexed fuel surcharge, which is adjusted on a weekly basis. The fuel surcharge is based on a weekly fuel price from two days prior to the day in which it is assessed. Effective August 26, 2024, and June 9, 2025, the tables used to determine fuel surcharges at FedEx Freight were updated. See the “Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Fuel” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” for more information. 

FedEx Custom Critical 

FedEx Custom Critical provides a range of expedited, time-specific freight-shipping services throughout the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Among its services are Surface Expedite, providing exclusive-use shipping and time-definite services; Air Expedite, offering an array of expedited air solutions to meet customers’ critical delivery times; and White Glove Services, for shipments that require extra care in handling, temperature control, or specialized security. Service from FedEx Custom Critical is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. FedEx Custom Critical continuously monitors shipments through an integrated proprietary shipment-control system, including two-way satellite communications on exclusive-use shipments. 

FedEx Dataworks Operating Segment 

The FedEx Dataworks operating segment is focused on putting our data into context and using it to enhance the efficiency of the FedEx network and our customers’ supply chains, as well as the end-to-end experience of our customers. The size and scale of our global network gives us a bird’s-eye view of global supply chains and trends and provides an immense amount of data. As the digital twin of our physical network and a key enabler of our DRIVE transformation, FedEx Dataworks leverages this information to allow us to work differently through a more technology-enabled, data-driven approach. See “Federal Express Segment — Operations” above for information regarding how FedEx Dataworks is enabling the transformation of our physical network. 

FedEx Dataworks is working to centralize data onto a single enterprise platform. By adopting this single platform — where machine learning models are reusable and self-learning — we are able to solve problems and deliver value to stakeholders at speed, scale, and with the right economics. This enterprise data platform serves as the foundation for our data science and machine learning practice and houses a common set of models and insights that can be reused across different use cases. Focusing on design principles that embrace simplification, our teams are working to enhance efficiencies and value across our operational portfolio. 

FedEx Dataworks is based in Memphis, Tennessee. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Dataworks had approximately 700 employees. FedEx Dataworks is an operating segment that is included in “Corporate, other, and eliminations” in our segment reporting. 

FedEx Office Operating Segment 

As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Office operated approximately 2,000 customer-facing stores and manages the relationship and strategy for all on-site, owned, and third-party retail channel locations, providing convenient access to shipping expertise with reliable service. 

The FedEx Office brick-and-mortar network features retail stores, FedEx Office locations inside Walmart stores, manufacturing plants, and on-site business centers at colleges and universities, hotels, convention centers, corporate campuses, and healthcare campuses. Many of these locations are open later in the evenings to accommodate urgent printing projects and delivery drop-offs. 

FedEx Office has designed a suite of printing and shipping management solutions that are flexible and scalable, allowing customers to meet their unique printing and shipping needs. The network provides an adaptable cost model helping to save time, labor, and overhead by freeing up resources and avoiding fixed costs associated with large-scale printing and e-commerce parcel volumes. This is especially valuable to our enterprise customers looking to outsource their print supply chain. Services include digital printing, professional finishing, document creation, design solutions, direct mail, signs and graphics, custom-branded boxes, copying, computer rental, free Wi-Fi, corporate print solutions, shredding, expedited U.S. passport processing and renewal through a collaboration with a registered U.S. passport agency, and fully digital notarization services through FedEx Office Online Notary. 

With the FedEx Office Print On Demand solution, customers can use their laptops or mobile devices to design their print needs or access their personal cloud accounts, and print directly to any FedEx Office location in the U.S., or have their order delivered right to their door. Customers also have the flexibility of using FedEx Office’s Print & Go solutions to print at self-serve locations from USBs, the cloud, or through email. Print & Go solutions allow customers to access files using popular cloud providers Google Drive™, Box, Microsoft OneDrive ® , and from FedEx Office’s own My Online Documents, making printing easy. 

FedEx Office has prioritized e-commerce and digital offerings as a growth opportunity for the enterprise/large, medium, and small business customers we serve. FedEx Office has partnered with a content and creative design platform to form a digital design-to-print marketplace offering millions of images and illustrations, an extensive library of templates, and a simple drag-and-drop interface to create custom business materials from fedex.com on any device, with next-day printing on many requests available at FedEx Office stores. Additionally, FedEx Office has partnered with a leading marketing solutions company to introduce an online branded promotional products marketplace that allows businesses to customize and purchase high-quality promotional products. FedEx Office has also made investments in new machines and technology, enhancing capabilities in narrow format color, grand format, large format, color management, enhanced finishing, and other technologies. 

FedEx Office provides convenient access to the full range of Federal Express shipping services for infrequent shippers and FedEx account holders. Customers may have their Federal Express packages delivered to any FedEx Office customer-facing location nationwide through the Hold at FedEx Location service, free of charge, and may redirect packages to these locations through Redirect to Hold or AutoRedirect to Hold services. FedEx Office offers the Ship and Go kiosk, a convenient self-serve shipping kiosk in 

approximately 1,300 locations. The Ship and Go kiosk allows customers to generate a label via a mobile label or QR code and drop off packages in a secure drop bin for a seamless and efficient customer experience. FedEx Office facilitates e-commerce and returns through FedEx Returns Technology, which allows for in-store printing of return shipping labels. Through FedEx Consolidated Returns, shoppers who purchased from participating merchants can drop off the items they wish to return with no box or label required at a FedEx Office location. For information regarding FedEx Consolidated Returns, see “Federal Express Segment — Customer-Driven Technology — E-Commerce and Digital Solutions.” 

FedEx Office also offers packing services, and packing supplies and boxes are included in its retail offerings. By allowing customers to have items professionally packed by specially trained FedEx Office team members and then shipped, FedEx Office offers a complete “pack-and-ship” solution. FedEx Office also offers FedEx Pack Plus, which includes custom box building capabilities and techniques; a robust assortment of specialty boxes; and additional packing supplies, equipment, and tools to serve our customers’ needs. 

Almost all FedEx Office locations provide local pickup-and-delivery service for print jobs completed by FedEx Office. A FedEx courier picks up a customer’s print job at the customer’s location and then returns the finished product to the customer. Options and services vary by location. 

Brian D. Philips is the President of FedEx Office, which is based in Plano, Texas. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Office had approximately 12,000 employees. FedEx Office is an operating segment that is included in “Corporate, other, and eliminations” in our segment reporting. 

FedEx Logistics Operating Segment 

The FedEx Logistics operating segment plays a key role within the FedEx portfolio with a comprehensive suite of integrated logistics solutions, providing air and ocean cargo transportation, specialty transportation, customs brokerage, and trade management tools and data, as well as third party logistics and supply chain solutions through FedEx Supply Chain. FedEx Logistics has the unique ability to leverage the power of the FedEx transportation networks as well as its global network of service providers. Additionally, FedEx Logistics provides international trade advisory services. 

Patrick Moebel is the President of FedEx Logistics, which is based in Memphis, Tennessee. Scott M. Temple is the President of FedEx Supply Chain, which is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. As of May 31, 2025, the FedEx Logistics organization (including FedEx Supply Chain) had approximately 17,000 employees. FedEx Supply Chain has a small number of employees who are members of unions. FedEx Logistics is an operating segment that is included in “Corporate, other, and eliminations” in our segment reporting. 

FedEx Logistics provides international trade services, specializing in customs brokerage, global ocean and air freight forwarding, and managed transportation. Additionally, FedEx Logistics provides customs clearance services at its major U.S. air hub facilities and border customs clearance for U.S. surface operations, and FedEx Logistics also offers global door-to-door air charter solutions collaborating with Federal Express and U.S. import door-to-door less-than-container-load ocean solutions collaborating with FedEx Freight. 

As trade throughout the world grows, so does the FedEx Logistics solutions portfolio. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Logistics operated approximately 115 offices and facilities in 34 countries and territories throughout North America and in Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, India, Latin America, the Middle East, and Australia/New Zealand. FedEx Logistics maintains a network of air and ocean freight-forwarding service providers and has entered into strategic alliances to provide services in certain countries in which it does not have owned offices. 

FedEx Logistics offers customized trade solutions that enable improved compliance practices through FedEx Trade Solutions. 

FedEx Supply Chain 

FedEx Supply Chain is a supply chain solutions provider specializing in Product Lifecycle Logistics ® for technology, retail, consumer and industrial goods, and healthcare industries. With approximately 11,500 employees at nearly 150 facilities as of May 31, 2025, FedEx Supply Chain provides a comprehensive range of integrated logistics services to enable growth, minimize cost, mitigate supply chain risk, and improve customer services. Service offerings include inbound logistics, warehousing and distribution, fulfillment, contract packaging and product configuration, systems integration, returns process and disposition, test, repair, refurbishment, and product liquidation. 

FedEx Fulfillment is an e-commerce solution that helps small and medium-sized businesses fulfill orders from multiple channels, including websites and online marketplaces, and manage inventory for their retail stores. The FedEx Fulfillment platform is designed to be an easy-to-use and all-in-one logistics solution through which customers have complete visibility into their products, giving them an easy way to track items, manage inventory, analyze trends, and make more informed decisions by better understanding shoppers’ spending behaviors. 

Seasonality 

For information on the seasonality of our business, see the “Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Seasonality of Business” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report. 

Trademarks 

Federal Express owns numerous trademarks and intellectual property rights relating to the “FedEx” trademark. Those trademarks, service marks, and trade names are essential to our worldwide business, and include FedEx, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight, FedEx Office, FedEx Logistics, FedEx Dataworks, FedEx Trade Networks Transport & Brokerage, FedEx Supply Chain, FedEx Custom Critical, and ShopRunner. Federal Express licenses the use of certain trademarks to support our business, and takes active measures to enforce its intellectual property rights where appropriate. 

Regulation 

Air . Under the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Federal Aviation Act”), both the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) and the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) exercise regulatory authority over Federal Express’s air operations. 

The FAA’s regulatory authority relates primarily to operational aspects of air transportation, including aircraft standards and maintenance, as well as personnel and ground facilities, which may from time to time affect the ability of Federal Express to operate its aircraft in the most efficient manner. Federal Express holds an air carrier certificate granted by the FAA pursuant to Part 119 of the federal aviation regulations. This certificate is of unlimited duration and remains in effect so long as Federal Express maintains its standards of safety and meets the operational requirements of the regulations. 

The DOT’s authority relates primarily to economic aspects of air transportation. The DOT’s jurisdiction extends to aviation route authority and to other regulatory matters, including the transfer of route authority between carriers. Federal Express holds various certificates issued by the DOT authorizing the company to engage in U.S. and international air transportation of property and mail on a worldwide basis. These certificates remain in effect as we maintain our economic fitness to perform all-cargo services following the one FedEx consolidation. 

Under the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001, as amended, the Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”), an agency within the Department of Homeland Security, has responsibility for aviation security. The TSA requires Federal Express to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. These requirements are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. It is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us. 

Federal Express participates in the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (“CRAF”) program. Under this program, the U.S. Department of Defense may requisition for military use certain of Federal Express’s wide-bodied aircraft in the event of a declared need, including a national emergency. Federal Express would be compensated for the operation of any aircraft requisitioned under the CRAF program at standard contract rates established each year in the normal course of awarding contracts. Through its participation in the CRAF program, Federal Express is entitled to bid on peacetime military cargo charter business. Federal Express, together with a consortium of other carriers, currently contracts with the U.S. government for such charter flights. 

See “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report for discussion of regulations related to pilots, including the proposed pilot flight and duty time regulations, that could affect our business. 

Ground . The ground transportation performed by employees and service providers of Federal Express is integral to its air transportation services. The enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994 abrogated the authority of states to regulate the rates, routes, or services of intermodal all-cargo air carriers and most motor carriers. States may now only exercise jurisdiction over safety and insurance. Federal Express is registered in those states that require registration. 

The interstate operations of Federal Express that utilize service providers to conduct certain linehaul operations, as well as the interstate operations of FedEx Freight and FedEx Custom Critical, are currently regulated by the DOT and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, which retain limited oversight authority over motor carriers. Federal legislation preempts regulation by the states of rates, routes, and services in interstate freight transportation. 

Like other interstate motor carriers, our operations are subject to certain DOT safety requirements governing interstate operations. In addition, vehicle weight and dimensions remain subject to both federal and state regulations. 

International . Federal Express’s international authority permits it to carry cargo and mail from points in its U.S. route system to numerous points throughout the world. The DOT regulates international routes and practices and is authorized to investigate and take 

action against discriminatory treatment of U.S. air carriers abroad. The right of a U.S. carrier to serve foreign points is subject to the DOT’s approval and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the U.S. and the foreign government. In addition, the carrier must then be granted the permission of such foreign government to provide specific flights and services. The regulatory environment for global aviation rights may from time to time impair the ability of Federal Express to operate its air network in the most efficient manner, and efficient operations often utilize open skies provisions of aviation agreements. Additionally, global air cargo carriers, such as Federal Express, are subject to current and potential additional aviation security regulation by U.S. and foreign governments. 

Our operations outside of the U.S., such as Federal Express’s international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult, and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as Federal Express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. 

Environmental. 

Noise: Pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, the FAA, with the assistance of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), is authorized to establish standards governing aircraft noise. Federal Express’s aircraft fleet is in compliance with current FAA noise standards. Although the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 established a National Noise Policy that enables certain airport operators to implement noise abatement programs, it created an opportunity for Federal Express to plan for noise reduction and better respond to local noise constraints. Additionally, certain U.S. airport operators have implemented local noise regulations, and certain foreign jurisdictions impose noise-based limitations on airline operations. Neither the National Noise Policy nor any domestic or foreign local noise regulations have a material effect in any of Federal Express’s significant markets. 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Views about climate change, including the effect of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. Increasingly, state and local governments are also considering GHG regulatory requirements. Compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. In 2016, the International Civil Aviation Organization (“ICAO”) formally adopted a global, market-based emissions offset program known as the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (“CORSIA”) in lieu of a patchwork of country-level requirements to address emissions from international flights. This program established a goal for the aviation industry to achieve carbon neutral growth in international aviation beginning in calendar 2021. Any growth above a global industry emissions baseline would need to be addressed using either eligible carbon offset credits or qualifying sustainable aviation fuel (“SAF”) purchases. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic’s effect on international aviation, during the pilot phase of the CORSIA program (from calendar 2021 to calendar 2023), flight activity did not exceed the baseline, so airlines had no offsetting obligations. During the subsequent first phase of the program, which runs from calendar 2024 to calendar 2026, flight activity is rebounding, and emissions are expected to exceed the baseline. The U.S. agreed to participate but has not fully implemented CORSIA to date. In the interim, we continue to voluntarily report our emissions data to the FAA. 

Other ICAO member states are moving forward with implementing CORSIA and have taken additional action to reduce aircraft GHG emissions. For example, both the EU and the United Kingdom have implemented regulations to include aviation in the Emissions Trading Scheme (“ETS”). For the EU, under these regulations any airline with flights originating or landing in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) is subject to the ETS. Beginning in calendar 2012, airlines including Federal Express were required to purchase emissions allowances or, alternatively, purchase qualifying SAF if they exceeded the number of free allowances allocated under the ETS. While the current scope of ETS has been limited to apply only to flights within the EEA through calendar 2026, the EU adopted legislation in 2023 requiring that a study be conducted in July 2026 reassessing whether the European Commission should propose to expand the scope of ETS to include international flights from the EEA based on CORSIA implementation and performance. 

We expect compliance with CORSIA and the ETS to increase FedEx operating expenses. The amount of such increase will ultimately depend on a number of factors, including CORSIA and ETS program elements still under development or reconsideration, the number of our flights subject to CORSIA and the ETS, the fuel efficiency of our fleet, the average growth of the aviation sector, our ability to utilize SAF in the future and the price of such fuels, the availability of free allowances (which will be eliminated entirely by the end of calendar 2026), and the price of eligible emission units, offsets, or allowances required to be purchased by FedEx. 

Additionally, in 2017, ICAO adopted new carbon dioxide emissions standards that would apply not only to new aircraft types as of calendar 2020, but also to new deliveries of currently in-production aircraft types from calendar 2023. ICAO established a production cutoff date of January 1, 2028 for aircraft that do not comply with these standards. The standards are considered to be especially stringent for larger aircraft weighing over 60 tons. In 2021, the EPA adopted its own aircraft and aircraft engine GHG emissions standards, which are aligned with the 2017 ICAO emissions standards, and the FAA finalized its own conforming rulemaking to implement the standards through its aircraft certification process which went into effect on in April 2024. In the past, the U.S. Congress has also considered bills that would regulate GHG emissions, and some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. In January 2025, the U.S. again withdrew from the Paris climate accord, an agreement among 197 countries to reduce 

GHG emissions. The effect of the withdrawal on future U.S. policy regarding GHG emissions and on other GHG regulation is uncertain. 

Additionally, the extent to which other countries implement that agreement could have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business. Starting in January 2025, we are required to monitor and report the non-carbon dioxide aviation effects for certain routes in the European Union as part of the expanded scope of the ETS. In January 2027, we will be required to monitor and report non-carbon dioxide effects for all flight activity involving an airport located in the EEA. While the requirement currently is only to report and verify the non-carbon dioxide emissions, we may be required to comply with additional reporting obligations in the future. See “ Item 1A. Risk Factors — Environmental, Climate, and Weather Risks — We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change” for information on disclosure requirements regarding GHG emissions and other environmental matters. 

Sustainable Aviation Fuels: On October 18, 2023, the EU adopted its RefuelEU regulation requiring fuel producers at certain EU airports to supply a minimum percentage of blended SAF to aircraft operators beginning January 1, 2025. The mandate requires that, beginning in calendar 2025, two percent of the jet fuel supplied in certain EU airports must qualify as SAF, and the percentage increases incrementally to 70% in calendar 2050. Fuel suppliers have incorporated a SAF fee into future uptake agreements for their compliance or production costs related to the Refuel EU regulation. As part of the RefuelEU requirements, beginning January 1, 2025, we are required to submit a verified compliance report on actual fuel uplift at EU covered airports, SAF purchases, and economic fuel tankering. A similar mandate went into effect in the United Kingdom on January 1, 2025. We continue to monitor the introduction of fuel mandates in other countries and regions across the world. 

Hazardous Substances: U.S. federal and state authorities continue to adopt legislation and regulations restricting the use of certain per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”). PFAS are used in a wide variety of consumer and industrial products, including the firefighting foams approved for use by the FAA to extinguish fuel-based fires at airports and refineries. In April 2025, the EPA announced its strategic plans to comprehensively address PFAS in air emissions, water, land, waste, and manufactured and imported products. Certain states have adopted laws banning the manufacture, sale, distribution, and/or use of firefighting foams with intentionally added PFAS. The EPA rule designating certain PFAS as “hazardous substances” under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) became effective July 2024. The EPA rule could subject airlines and refineries to potential liability for cleanup of historical PFAS contamination. We could incur remediation costs for currently and formerly operated facilities. While the impact of these federal and state laws and regulations on our business and operations cannot currently be predicted, we remain committed to transitioning to PFAS-free materials for fire suppression in accordance with the framework outlined by the FAA in May 2023. 

Vehicle Emissions Regulations: The Clean Air Act grants the EPA and, through the preemption waiver process, the state of California the authority to set vehicle emission standards. In October 2023, the California Air Resources Board’s (“CARB”) Advanced Clean Fleets (“ACF”) rule requiring subject companies to add an increasing percentage of medium and heavy duty zero emission trucks became effective. The U.S. president signed congressional resolutions preventing California from implementing its ACF rule and its stricter emission standards for heavy-duty vehicles in June 2025. In response, California filed a lawsuit challenging the president’s authority to prevent implementation of the program and standards. We will continue to monitor federal and state actions on vehicle emissions regulations for impacts to our operations. 

We are also subject to other U.S. and international environmental laws and regulations relating to, among other things, the shipment of dangerous goods, the management of underground storage tanks, the discharge of effluents from our properties and equipment, and contingency planning for spills of petroleum products. Additionally, certain contractual and lease agreements governing regulated substances could trigger investigation and remediation obligations if sites become affected. Federal Express has an environmental management system based on International Standardization 14001 designed to maintain compliance with these regulations and minimize our operational environmental footprint and certified all U.S. airport locations in 2022. 

Export Controls. In recent years, the U.S. government has increased the number of companies and persons subject to U.S. export control regulations. Such regulations can restrict the types of items that FedEx customers are permitted to ship to certain entities, and in some instances may prohibit FedEx from serving certain entities altogether. Violations of these regulations can result in significant monetary and other penalties. For example, the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (the “ECRA”) and the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (the “IEEPA”), and their implementing regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and Office of Foreign Asset Control regulations, may hold carriers such as FedEx strictly liable for violations without requiring evidence that the carriers had knowledge of any violations. Violations of the ECRA and IEEPA can result in criminal penalties of up to $1 million and civil penalties up to $378,000 (or twice the value of the transaction) per individual violation. FedEx continues to invest in improvements and updates to its export control compliance programs. However, the heightened focus on export controls by the U.S. government increases FedEx’s exposure to potential regulatory penalties and could result in higher compliance costs. 

Customs Clearance, Customs Brokerage, and Freight Forwarding . Our customs clearance activities, including customs brokerage, are subject to regulation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other partner government agencies (for example, the Food and 

Drug Administration) that regulate the importation and exportation of specific products. Our freight forwarding activities are regulated by the Transportation Security Administration within the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission (ocean freight forwarding), and the Department of Transportation (air freight forwarding). Our offshore operations are subject to similar regulation by the regulatory authorities of foreign jurisdictions. 

Labor . All U.S. employees at Federal Express are covered by the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended (the “RLA”), while labor relations within the U.S. at our other companies are governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (the “NLRA”). Under the RLA, groups that wish to unionize must do so across nationwide classes of employees. The RLA also requires mandatory government-led mediation of contract disputes supervised by the National Mediation Board (“NMB”) before a union can strike or an employer can replace employees or impose contract terms. This part of the RLA helps minimize the risk of strikes that would shut down large portions of the nation’s economy. Under the NLRA, employees can unionize in small localized groups, and government-led mediation is not a required step in the negotiation process. 

The RLA was originally passed to govern railroad and express carrier labor negotiations. As transportation systems evolved, the law expanded to cover airlines, which are now the dominant national transportation systems. As an express air carrier with an integrated air/ground network, Federal Express and its employees have been covered by the RLA since the founding of the company. The purpose of the RLA is to provide employees a process by which to unionize (if they choose) and engage in collective bargaining while also protecting the nation’s transportation networks from damaging work stoppages and delays. Specifically, the RLA ensures that an entire transportation system, such as at Federal Express, cannot be shut down by the actions of a local segment of the network. 

The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that Congress could remove most Federal Express employees from the jurisdiction of the RLA, thereby exposing the Federal Express network to sporadic labor disputes and the risk that small groups of employees could disrupt the entire air/ground express network. This jurisdiction could be challenged in connection with our one FedEx consolidation and Network 2.0. In addition, the NMB and the National Labor Relations Board (“NLRB”) have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees, and employees of service providers contracting with Federal Express to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, to organize under the RLA or NLRA. For a description of these and other potential labor law changes, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report. 

Data Protection. There has recently been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus relating to the collection, use, retention, transfer, and processing of personal data in the U.S. (at both the state and federal level) and internationally. For more information, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” of this Annual Report. 

Reputation and Responsibility 

FedEx is one of the most trusted and respected companies in the world, and the FedEx brand name is a powerful sales and marketing tool. Among the many reputation awards we received during 2025, FedEx ranked 20 th overall on FORTUNE magazine’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” list — the 25 th consecutive year FedEx has ranked among the top 20 on the prestigious list. We also retained our position as the highest ranked delivery company on the overall “World’s Most Admired Companies” list. Additionally in 2025, Ethisphere, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, named FedEx as one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies ® ” for the third consecutive year. Along with a strong reputation among customers and the general public, FedEx is widely acknowledged as a great place to work. For example, in 2025, FedEx was named a finalist for the “Top Companies for Women to Work in Transportation” by Redefining the Road, the official magazine of the Women in Trucking Association, and was also recognized as one of Forbes’ “America’s Best Employers 2025.” 

The success of our efforts is built on our sound corporate responsibility practices, which are aligned with our strategic focus. Our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report is available at fedex.com/en-us/sustainability/reports.html. This report details progress toward our sustainability strategies, goals, and initiatives and our approach toward industry leadership in sustainability to support our strategy and values. Information in our Corporate Responsibility Report is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report. 

We remain committed to helping lift local economies by investing in people and communities where we live and work. In the U.S., this includes seeking diverse suppliers and strengthening our supply chain by sourcing from small, minority-, and women-owned businesses. We have a history of supporting diverse and inclusive nonprofit and community empowerment organizations to create greater economic opportunity, help amplify diverse voices, and provide access to leadership, educational, and employment opportunities that inspire people to succeed. 

Human Resource Management 

Our Culture 

At FedEx, our unified culture has enabled us to drive progress and innovation for over 50 years. At the foundation of our culture is our People-Service-Profit philosophy—the belief that creating an environment where people are valued and have an opportunity to succeed leads to exceptional service, which generates the profitability to fund our future and reward our people. Our team members span geographies and backgrounds yet we are united by a common goal—the Purple Promise, which is our commitment to make every FedEx experience outstanding. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors reviews and discusses with management our key human resource management strategies and programs. 

Our culture is a strategic asset and a key enabler. Our five culture values—take care of each other, commit to do good, own outstanding, drive business results, and create what’s next—are attributes that inspire confidence and commitment from team members, global communities, customers, and stockholders. We are a global team of innovators and collaborators, committed to bringing our People-Service-Profit philosophy to life by: 

• Prioritizing safety. 

• Taking care of our team members. 

• Embracing inclusion so everyone feels appreciated, valued, and provided opportunities to grow within the company. 

• Delivering excellence and value for our customers and stockholders. 

• Acting with integrity in all that we do. 

• Supporting our communities. 

• Helping shape a better world. 

• Growing profitably to reinvest in our team members and business. 

Following the one FedEx consolidation, we are continuing to harmonize our human resource structures across the enterprise to improve team collaboration and enable more effective sharing of knowledge, resources, and strategies. 

Health and Safety 

The health, safety, and well-being of our team members and service providers are top priorities. We foster safety within our operations, on the road, and in surrounding communities to help reduce the frequency and severity of accidents and injuries. Our business decisions are informed by our “Safety Above All” philosophy, which is integrated in our health and safety policies, technology investments, risk evaluation processes, training programs, and awards. The Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our safety strategies, policies, programs, and practices and safety-related risk management strategies, programs, and initiatives. 

Equality, Opportunity, and Diversity 

FedEx is—and has been since its founding in 1971—committed to equality, opportunity, and diversity and the belief that when we give everyone the opportunity to grow and advance in their careers, our team members thrive and FedEx prospers. Equality, opportunity, and diversity are interwoven across our four strategic pillars: Our People; Our Education and Engagement; Our Communities, Customers, and Suppliers; and Our Story. Each international region at FedEx has councils that leverage the unique perspectives of our team members and embed culture, equality, opportunity, and diversity across business operations. We also offer a variety of Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all FedEx employees and provide a unique blend of social, educational, and professional opportunities that support personal and professional growth and business objectives. Consolidated EEO-1 Reports can be found at fedex.com/en-us/sustainability/reports.html . 

Quality of Life 

We promote the health, safety, and well-being of our people through integrated benefit offerings that apply to everyday life, both inside and outside of work. Our comprehensive benefits include healthcare coverage, well-being programs, basic and supplemental life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, paid sick leave, paid time off, and parental leave for all eligible full- and part-time employees. Our teams also analyze survey data at the local, national, and enterprise levels and conduct routine peer benchmarking and internal pay equity analyses to incorporate best practices, keep abreast of regulatory developments, and develop competitive offerings. 

In the U.S., we cover approximately 70% of the total eligible health costs at the plan level for approximately 350,000 enrolled employees and dependents. These health benefits include flexible medical, behavioral, dental, vision, and pharmacy coverage, in addition to mental health services. We are dedicated to supporting the mental health of our employees. Our Employee Assistance Program offers free, confidential counseling and mental health services 24/7 to both U.S. employees and their household members, regardless of their enrollment in our medical plan, and we are in the process of expanding this program globally. We frequently communicate with employees on how to access these resources to promote their use across the enterprise. 

Learning and Development 

We are committed to helping our team members grow and develop their careers at FedEx and constantly adapt our offerings to meet current company needs and prepare capabilities we anticipate needing in the future. As part of the core new employee orientation, all new hires are required to learn about safety, security, compliance, and sustainability as applied to the responsibilities of their respective roles. Additionally, the FedEx Learning Center houses easily accessible online courses available to all team members and allows us to track progress on employee learning goals. We also implement programs and initiatives for our executives that focus on leadership skills, succession planning, and fostering institutional knowledge to facilitate engagement, career growth, and strong leadership. 

Through our Learning inspired by FedEx (LiFE) program, in collaboration with the University of Memphis, we offer free, online degree opportunities across 30 associates’ and bachelors’ programs. Our Education for Life program also offers discounted or debt-free college at several schools in the U.S. to promote higher education and personal development. FedEx maintains a robust performance management process to support ongoing dialogue and career growth for our team members. 

Talent Acquisition, Engagement, and Turnover 

FedEx uses effective recruiting processes to attract top-tier candidates. Our hiring strategy is data-driven and centered around recruiting a unified, skilled workforce that meets our unique business needs. In addition to the development of our external talent pipeline, we are committed to providing opportunities to upskill current team members to ensure our workforce successfully meets our evolving business needs. Job-specific learning opportunities include our Driver Development program, which provides hands-on experience for team members to become professional tractor-trailer drivers. We conduct periodic audits of our labor practices to assess compliance with regulatory requirements. 

We strive to retain our talented team members through engagement opportunities, competitive wages, comprehensive benefits, flexible scheduling, and a wide range of career development programs. We value our team members’ feedback and utilize annual surveys, employee networks, and direct channels to gather constructive feedback and recommendations. These initiatives enable us to listen to our team members’ challenges and recommendations to help us refine our human resource management strategy and optimize the employee experience. We also include culture- and inclusion-related questions within our engagement surveys to better understand all perspectives in our workforce and integrate employee feedback into our initiatives. 

Globally, in 2025, we hired over 406,000 full- and part-time team members. Turnover for part-time team members, primarily package handlers at our sorting locations, was 70%, while full-time team member turnover was 24%, in 2025. Turnover rates among part-time frontline workers in a number of industries are historically higher than among other employee groups. Within the ground transportation industry, many part-time workers pursue temporary employment opportunities that allow them to exit and re-enter the workforce more frequently based on their needs. These traditionally higher rates have recently been further exacerbated by elevated hiring volumes. 

Other Information 

As of May 31, 2025, FedEx employed approximately 300,000 permanent full-time and approximately 210,000 permanent part-time employees and utilized approximately 5,700 service providers to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. 

See “Business Segments — Federal Express Segment — Employees and Service Providers” for information regarding our continued bargaining efforts to reach an agreement with the union representing our pilots. A small number of our other employees are members of unions. For additional information, see “Business Segments” and “Regulation” and “ Item 1A. Risk Factors .” 

Our Community 

FedEx is committed to actively supporting the communities we serve worldwide through the strategic investment of our people, resources, and network. Through FedEx Cares, our global community engagement program, we support non-profit organizations working to solve social challenges relevant to our business, customers, and team members. We pair donations with charitable shipping and access to our global network, team member volunteers, subject matter expertise, influence, and connections to meet social and business goals. We make our biggest investments in areas where we can address significant issues and apply our unique business 

capabilities. Real change takes significant investment, authentic support for communities, and a commitment to continuous learning. FedEx Cares focuses on four major giving pillars: 

• Delivering for Good: FedEx comes to the aid of people around the world when they need it most — during times of disaster and crisis. We support best-in-class humanitarian aid nonprofits and use our expansive network to quickly deliver lifesaving and complex shipments that benefit our communities. 

• Empowering Entrepreneurs: We empower entrepreneurs from all backgrounds with the training, connections, and other resources they need to compete in the global marketplace more effectively, expand their customer base, generate new jobs, and create a better life for themselves and their communities. 

• Advancing Climate Solutions: To help us deliver a more sustainable future, we support research and start-ups to advance long-term climate solutions. We also support initiatives that promote a more circular economy and local conservation efforts to help communities adapt to climate change. 

• Engaging People & Communities: Addressing local needs and societal challenges in communities globally is important to us. We collaborate with nonprofits that strive to ensure access to opportunities for everyone, while also encouraging our employees to contribute by volunteering. Our goal is to cultivate a brighter and more inclusive future for all. 

Together, we multiply our impact to improve the communities where we live and work. Additionally, FedEx supports communities throughout the U.S. with its FedEx Cares Employee Giving program. 

We believe the investments we make in our communities today, combined with team member engagement, set the stage for a brighter tomorrow. For additional information on our community involvement and our FedEx Cares strategy, visit fedexcares.com. 

The Environment 

With such an expansive global network, managing for consequential environmental progress at FedEx requires a wide-ranging plan, strategic investment, and measured action. Building on decades of environmental progress, in 2021 we set our ambitious goal to achieve carbon neutrality by calendar 2040 across our global operations’ Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and our Scope 3 contracted transportation emissions. 

We continue to deploy a three-part strategy to meet our calendar 2040 goal, which covers the comprehensive, long-term actions needed within our own operations, but also to support the low-carbon transition of the transportation and logistics industry as a whole. 

• Decarbonize what’s possible: includes leveraging today’s cost-effective technology to reduce our emissions, such as more fuel-efficient aircraft and electric pickup-and-delivery vehicles. 

• Co-create with purpose: includes working with various stakeholders to innovate future needed solutions, such as low-emission heavy duty transportation vehicles. 

• Neutralize what’s left: utilizing durable carbon credits to offset remaining emissions in the latter part of the next decade. 

We align our assessment and reporting approach with the recommendations from the Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, and applicable mandatory disclosure requirements. Evaluation of climate-related physical and transition risk is integrated into our enterprise risk management process, which identifies and reports top enterprise risks in the short-, medium-, and long-term through industry research, surveys, and workshops with business leaders. Based on the risks identified, specific contingency plans and strategies are formulated to minimize potential adverse effects on our business. Our investment in and pursuit of a more efficient network and operations, including Network 2.0 and our ongoing air network redesign, support our efforts to create a more connected and sustainable future. We have demonstrated our capabilities to reduce environmental impacts by achieving operational synergies such as improving the efficiency of our fleet, reducing miles driven, and minimizing route redundancies. 

However, we recognize that our reduction efforts alone will not be enough to reach our goal of carbon-neutral operations. For this reason, we have helped establish the Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture, empowering Yale scientists to rapidly advance research on nature-based, durable carbon dioxide removal solutions. We believe that supporting a robust pipeline of solutions via this initiative will help add future supply of carbon credits that are measurable, verifiable, and durable to both the compliance and voluntary marketplace. 

Vehicle Electrification 

Across FedEx, we aim to create an efficient and sustainable fleet tailored to our operational and customer needs. In selecting the ideal vehicle solution for each application, we carefully consider local regulatory requirements, manufacturing options, vehicle use, and operating and maintenance costs. Electrification and alternative fuels present a significant opportunity to reduce the environmental 

impact of our global ground fleet further, which includes more than 200,000 motorized vehicles across several vehicle classes, including pickup-and-delivery vehicles, long-haul trucks, forklifts, airport ground services equipment, and other off-road vehicles. 

The continued growth of e-commerce means that the electrification of our pickup-and-delivery fleet presents a significant opportunity to address last-mile emissions and support our long-term business. We continue to work toward meeting our target of having 50% of all FedEx pickup-and-delivery purchase orders be electric in calendar 2025 and 100% be electric by calendar 2030. We will continue to take a phased approach to achieve our goal of an all-electric pickup-and-delivery fleet by calendar 2040 while continuing to fine-tune the size and makeup of our fleet. Additionally, we implement fuel-saving measures within our current fleet to help reduce our environmental impact. 

As we work toward electrifying our vehicle fleet, making sure we can have adequate charging infrastructure available at our facilities is a priority. We have already built over 1,000 charging stations across our global facilities to support the electrification of our own pickup-and-delivery fleet and the electric vehicle transition of service providers. The electrification of our long-haul fleet poses unique challenges since these vehicles travel long distances and need to be recharged at our centers and potentially in multiple locations along a route, which can require a significant amount of time and energy at facility charging stations. Our vehicles and facilities teams are working with power utilities, government officials, and regulatory agencies to plot a path forward and meet the additional grid capacity and charging challenges. 

Our transition to one FedEx has changed our fleet makeup and vehicle dispersion, bringing new opportunities. In 2024, we achieved 40% improvement in vehicle fuel efficiency compared to a 2005 baseline. Due to changes in the mix of vehicles needed as a result of Network 2.0 and other ongoing strategic initiatives, we do not believe we will be able to achieve our goal of a 50% increase in vehicle fuel efficiency by calendar 2025. We continue to review and optimize our sustainability strategies regarding surface operations to determine our best path towards our goal of achieving carbon-neutral operations by calendar 2040. 

Sustainable Aviation Fuels 

Our owned aircraft operations are the largest contributor to our emissions footprint and aviation fuel also represents one of our largest expenses. For more than a decade, we have actively deployed substantial resources to mitigate these impacts including fuel conservation, modernizing our air fleet, and sourcing cost-competitive SAF. In 2025, we began to take delivery of over three million gallons of blended SAF in our U.S. operations in continued pursuit of our goal to procure 30% of jet fuel from a blend of alternative sources by calendar 2030. In addition, we comply with SAF mandates in different regions around the world. We continue to actively work to help improve the world’s supply of SAF, which is not nearly at the scale needed to meet the demands of the aviation sector. While FedEx works extensively to conserve jet fuel and modernize our air fleet, our carbon neutral ambition relies on reducing emissions with SAF and carbon sequestration to remove and store excess carbon. Advancing these nascent technologies and markets requires extensive collaboration with industry, academia, non-governmental organizations, and governments. 

To accelerate SAF solutions, we are proud members of the Aviation Sector working group of the First Movers Coalition, a global initiative dedicated to decarbonizing challenging industrial sectors, including the aviation industry. We also advocate for responsible policies and incentives to advance alternative fuel technologies, expedite global SAF production, and enhance the availability and affordability of low-carbon fuel. We acknowledge the complexities faced by the aviation industry in achieving large-scale SAF deployment and recognize the potential need for additional solutions to enhance efficiency and reduce emissions. 

Aircraft Fuel Conservation and Aircraft Fleet Modernization 

At FedEx, we are working to minimize the environmental footprint of our aircraft fleet through fuel conservation, airline route optimization, and the exploration of more sustainable or efficient transportation options within our extensive network. We are proud to have achieved a 30% reduction in aircraft emissions intensity from a calendar 2005 baseline. We first established this goal in calendar 2008, with a target of a 20% reduction by calendar 2020 from a calendar 2005 baseline. After meeting that goal ahead of schedule, we later revised our target to a 30% reduction in emissions intensity by calendar 2020. While the global increase in shipping volume generated by the COVID-19 pandemic delayed the retirement of certain aircraft and led us to fall short of that goal in calendar 2020, we have now achieved this target. In 2024, we saved 130 million gallons and 11.1 million gallons of jet fuel through our aircraft modernization initiatives and FedEx Fuel Sense program, respectively. 

We are dedicated to modernizing our fleet of nearly 700 aircraft to reduce costs, enhance reliability and operational adaptability, improve fuel efficiency, and minimize emissions. We continue to replace older aircraft with more fuel-efficient models to reduce GHG emissions, air pollution, and local noise pollution. We are currently scheduled to take delivery of seven Boeing 767F, three ATR-72 600F, and 19 Cessna 408 aircraft by the end of 2026. During 2025, Federal Express exercised options to purchase eight B777F aircraft and ten ATR 72-600F aircraft. Of the eight B777F aircraft, three are expected to be delivered in calendar year 2026 and five are expected to be delivered in calendar year 2027. Of the ten ATR 72-600F aircraft, three are expected to be delivered in calendar year 2027, four in calendar year 2028, and three in calendar year 2029. Delays could impact these timelines. Additionally, in 2025, we made the decision to permanently retire from service 12 aircraft, including two Boeing 757-200 aircraft, seven Airbus A300-600 aircraft, and three Boeing MD-11 aircraft, and eight related engines. We plan to retire the entire Boeing MD-11 fleet by the end of 

2032. These retirements are aligned with the company’s fleet reduction and modernization strategy as the company continues to improve its global network efficiency and better align air network capacity with anticipated demand. For more information about our expected future aircraft deliveries, see “ Item 2. Properties ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Federal Express Segment” and Note 1 5 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Facilities 

We work to support the long-term health and well-being of our business, the planet, and the communities in which we operate through the sustainable operations of our more than 5,000 air and ground hubs, local stations, freight service centers, and retail locations. Our transition to one FedEx and implementation of Network 2.0 will support our sustainability efforts through the minimization of operational redundancies and reduction in our overall physical footprint. 

As we support electric vehicle deployment and charging infrastructure, our energy demand will increase. In response to this challenge, we invest in both on- and off-site renewable energy generation and procurement of renewable energy. Given the complexity of grid systems, different real estate models, utility markets, and a varied regulatory landscape, the viability of on-site renewable energy differs by facility. The pace of these investments is designed to grow in the coming years to address our increased electricity demands. We have set new mid-term renewable energy goals through calendar 2033 as we advance to our goal of having all electricity used at our facilities from renewable sources by calendar 2040. Our approach to innovating operations involves continued investments in energy efficiency and management, renewable energy procurement, facility resiliency, environmental compliance and waste reduction, among other initiatives. For new facilities, we integrate energy efficiency specifications and explore on-site renewable energy generation options into the design. 

We are committed to embedding resiliency in our operations as the physical risks of climate change increase, causing extreme weather events, strain on electricity grids, and higher energy costs. We invest in infrastructure reinforcement to meet growing electricity demand and evolving renewable generation standards, in addition to mitigating the potential for storm damage. We also continuously enhance our contingency planning to address the impacts of severe weather more quickly. We strive to reduce the waste we generate and recycle waste when possible. We challenge our individual team members to find new ways to improve efficiencies and equip them with Quality Driven Management (“QDM”) tools to assist in identifying waste. QDM tools are designed to drive continuous improvement and, in many cases, successful ideas become integrated across our networks. 

Sustainable Customer Solutions 

We recognize that transporting goods for our customers can lead to environmental impacts through emissions and waste generation. We embed circularity principles into our package design to minimize our environmental impact while protecting shipments from damage and loss. Our more sustainable packaging choices, such as the resealable Reusable Padded Pak, give our customers more choice to reduce waste associated with their shipping and returns. To help us source our packaging materials responsibly, we seek relevant third-party certifications and review these certifications bi-annually. In calendar 2024, 74% of FedEx packaging materials were from third-party certified sources. The FedEx Sourcing team also conducts annual reviews of our critical supplier’s environmental management practices and sustainability programs, including recommending improvement areas. 

Our FedEx ® Sustainability Insights (“FSI”) tool gives our customers and suppliers access to estimated CO 2 e emissions data associated with their FedEx shipments, from the individual package to account levels, enabling them to understand their environmental impact and drive informed supply chain decisions. This tool enables greater transparency for customers to inform their emissions reporting, understand their carbon footprint, and make informed decisions about their shipping patterns. Additionally, U.S.-based customers can forecast future emissions through predictive modeling capabilities. FSI is third-party verified to adhere to the GHG Protocol and Global Logistics Emissions Council framework. Launched globally in 2024, FedEx ® Sustainability Insights is currently translated into more than 30 languages and available in over 100 markets. Since July 2023, over 13,000 customers have generated emissions reports from the tool. Providing our customers with this level of information empowers them to gain a better understanding of their Scope 3 emissions generated from their shipping activities with us and to plan ahead for future improvements. 

For additional information on the ways we are minimizing our impact on the environment, see fedex.com/en-us/sustainability.html . For additional information regarding environmental, climate, and weather-related regulation and risks, see “Regulation” above and “ Item 1 A. Risk Factors ” under “Environmental, Climate, and Weather Risks.” 

Governance 

The FedEx Board of Directors is comprised of a majority of independent directors and is committed to the highest quality corporate governance and accountability to stockholders. Our Board of Directors periodically reviews all aspects of our governance policies and practices, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines (the “Guidelines”) and our Code of Conduct, in light of best practices and makes whatever changes it deems appropriate to further our longstanding commitment to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Guidelines and the Code of Conduct, which apply to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and senior financial officers, are available under the Corporate Governance heading under “Governance” 

on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com. We will post under the Corporate Governance heading on the Investor Relations page of our website information regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, the provisions of the Code of Conduct to the extent such disclosure is required.
